Course 2 : Data Warehouse Concepts and Architecture.

Module 1.
Graded Quiz.

1. DBMSs were lacking which type of feature for business intelligence processing in the 1980s?
Ans : Features for summary data retrieval, storage, and optimization

2. The management reason inhibiting the deployment of data warehouses in the 1980s is?
Ans : Lack of integration among operational databases and external data sources

3. Time-variant indicates that a data warehouse contains
Ans : snapshots of business processes captured at different points in time.

4. Nonvolatile indicates that a data warehouse uses
Ans : new data appended periodically with relatively few updates of existing data.

5. Intangible benefits of a data warehouse may include
Ans : Improvements in data standards.

6. The scope learning curve has the following characteristics EXCEPT
Ans : rapid decline in transformation cost

7. The top down or data warehouse approach has
Ans : more project risk and more potential business value.

8. Moving from the infant to the child maturity stages is difficult because
Ans : much higher level of investment is necessary in the child stage.

9. Moving from the teenager to the adult maturity stages is difficult because
Ans : the strategic importance of a data warehouse must be made.

10. The learning curve for skills is used in
Ans : the business value learning curve.

11. The performance limitation inhibiting usage of operational databases for higher level decision making in the 1980s was
Ans : Inability of a single database to support both transaction processing and business intelligence

12. Integrated indicates that a data warehouse involves
Ans : many transformations to unify source data from operational databases and external data sources.

13. The business value learning curve and data transformation learning curve both have
Ans : fixed scope.

14. The project relationship graphs demonstrate tradeoffs between
Ans : business value and risk as scope changes.

15. Disadvantages for using a data warehouse cloud service are:
Ans : higher variable costs.

16. The learning curve for production is used in
Ans : the data transformation learning curve.

17. Select choices about data characteristics that differentiate data warehouses from operational databases.
Ans : Data warehouses contain only summary data. (wrong)
 
18. The bottom up or data mart approach has
Ans : less project risk and less potential business value.
